README.md, before:

# ScreenShopping
Practice online shopping app

# Authentication

1. Implement a multi-step form for a signup process using HTML and CSS. 
2. The form should:
-> include steps for personal details, contact information, and password creation.
-> show a progress bar indicating the current step.
-> perform client-side validation before moving to the next step (e.g., email format, password strength).
-> Use CSS for styling and transitions between form steps.

# Home page

1. Create a navbar with a cart icon on the top right corner showing the count of items currently in cart
2. Create a responsive gallery of products using CSS grid.
3. This gallery would consist of interactive product cards, built using HTML and CSS that includes:
-> An image of the product.
-> Product details like name, price, and a short description.
-> Animated buttons for adding the product to a cart.
4. When an image/card is clicked
-> Open a modal window displaying the image in a larger view with additional information (e.g., title, description).
-> Include navigation controls in the modal to move to the next or previous card.
-> Ensure the modal is accessible, with the ability to close it using a button or the Escape key.

# Cart page

1. Implement a JavaScript function that manages the shopping cart.
2. The function should be able to add items, remove items, update item quantities, and calculate the total price of items in the cart.
3. Handle the UI of items in the cart as a list with a checkout and back button at the bottom.

Commit message:

Adding search field to the requirement in readme.md

README.md, after:

# ScreenShopping
Practice online shopping app

# Authentication

1. Implement a multi-step form for a signup process using HTML and CSS. 
2. The form should:
-> include steps for personal details, contact information, and password creation.
-> show a progress bar indicating the current step.
-> perform client-side validation before moving to the next step (e.g., email format, password strength).
-> Use CSS for styling and transitions between form steps.

# Home page

1. Create a navbar with a cart icon on the top right corner showing the count of items currently in cart
2. Create a responsive gallery of products using CSS grid.
3. This gallery would consist of interactive product cards, built using HTML and CSS that includes:
-> An image of the product.
-> Product details like name, price, and a short description.
-> Animated buttons for adding the product to a cart.
4. When an image/card is clicked
-> Open a modal window displaying the image in a larger view with additional information (e.g., title, description).
-> Include navigation controls in the modal to move to the next or previous card.
-> Ensure the modal is accessible, with the ability to close it using a button or the Escape key.

# Search field
1. Implement a search field that lets the user search a product by its name.
2. Implement a JavaScript function that filters and displays matching items from a list as the user types.
3. The search should be case-insensitive and display results in real-time.
4. Consider optimizing the function for performance if the list contains a large number of items.

# Cart page

1. Implement a JavaScript function that manages the shopping cart.
2. The function should be able to add items, remove items, update item quantities, and calculate the total price of items in the cart.
3. Handle the UI of items in the cart as a list with a checkout and back button at the bottom.
